https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkXdvs8H7TA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jQjjqEjZK58

states:
lobby -> pool_countdown -> banning_countdown -> banning x n -> picking_countdown -> picking x n -> lobby

always:
- players can always join (as observers)
- players can always right click heroes

lobby:
- can join or leave teams
- can start drafting
  reset hero pool, reset player selections, set state to pool_countdown
- does not have a timer
pool_countdown:
- no actions
- when timer ends..
  generate hero pool, set state to banning_countdown
banning_countdown
- no actions
- when timer ends..
  set active team to the first banning team, set state to banning
banning
- first player in active team can ban a hero
- ends early when a hero is banned
  if banning is complete
    clear active team, set state to picking_countdown
  else
    toggle active team
- when the timer ends..
  ban a random hero, then do the above
picking_countdown
- no actions
- when timer ends..
  set active players to the first player of the first banning team, set state to picking
picking
- active players who have not yet selected a hero can select a hero
- ends early if all active players have selected a hero
  if picking is complete
    clear active players, set state to lobby
  else
    set active players to the next two players of the other team
- when timer ends..
  select a random hero for all active players who have not selected a hero, then do the above

python versions
- home      3.12.6
- work      3.12.1
- render    3.12.1
- latest    3.13.0

requirements
  currently pillow is missing from requirements
  pillow is used for the icon fixing script

TODO:
- break the python code into smaller files
- convert some loops to more pyhtonic syntax
- make a pass on global and non-local variables

Implement preselecting heroes
    Test if it works with pick counts
    See if it can also be used for banning
Implement the ability to select first ban 
Active team indicators
Implement clever fate
    Fate bans and picks should support one hero of each stat for each team
    Add the ability to select active stats if necessary
Refuse to start draft with no players
Enable/disable buttons on the client based on current state
Add style to state and countdown
Move slot hero names to tooltip similar to draft heroes
Do a pass on style, composition and background 
    Try using actual margins instead of the margin divs that you created
Implement ellipsis or dynamic text size for longer hero and player names
Improve chat
    Implement team chat
    Color player names in chat 
    Sanitize input in chat or at least for the name command
Add hover and click animations
Add sounds
    Button sounds (hover and click)
    Countdowns ticks below five seconds
    Hero pick sounds
    Denied effect for banning? Could grow old very fast
    Sound assets can probably be found in game files

what happened to fav icon??

stuck: i need to set a hero for render templates to work, 
  but if I will do that then I need to set it to the dibs hero, too 
  and then it is getting difficult to determine 
  if a player has actually picked a hero...

Hero = None should work if I add an emit function to Team, and it probably makes more sense.
Can store dibs as a hero and search when picking.
Can have a dibs button if right click does not work.
Rename click events to pick-slot, dibs-hero, ban-hero and pick-hero.
Don't display controls if hero name is empty
Indicate active team by displaying "Banning" or "Picking (n)" next to the team name.
Active team and remaining picks need to be sent to the client. Consider extending state to a little class for this.
It seems that an element can be enlarged by transform: scale( x ) without disrupting the rest of the document!
transform: translate() can probably also be very useful to stack things just right.
Must hide dibs from the opposing team!!
Get rid of the magic numbers 3 (team size) and 8 (pool size)
Remove the long write up of the drafting logic from the todo document once picking is working
Get rid of the null_* variables as much as you can, they are only necessary for the interface and should only be used when emitting
The ban icon is kinda weirdly small (like the fav icon was)


start using exceptions



- check if banning is still working
- check if picking is still working
- tinker with null_hero
- get rid of magic numbers team size and pool size
- fix fav icon
- clean up todo list
- get back to dibs stuff


